Doc/add include exluce filters to docs (#675)
woocommerce/pinterest-for-woocommerce: docs/testing-flows.md

  - Private, draft or trashed products.
  - Products with price = 0.
  - Products out of stock if the option `woocommerce_hide_out_of_stock_items` is enabled (since `v1.0.9`).

> - The plugin supports by default the following product types (since `v1.2.9`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The plugin product feed includes the following product types by default (since `v1.2.9`):
```

Reviewer: @alexiglesias31 , please review the suggestion, I think it would sound a bit better. What do you think?

  - Simple products.
  - Variation products (the parent Variable product is not included since `v1.0.9`).

> - The plugin exclude by default from the feed the following product types (since `v1.2.9`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The plugin product feed excludes the following product types by default (since `v1.2.9`):
```

Reviewer: @alexiglesias31 , please review the suggestion, I think it would sound a bit better. What do you think?
